                        What does this code Do

Overview:
The CSV backup file (installed_apps.csv) contains a structured list of installed applications on a Windows system. This approach provides an organized view of applications, making it easy to review, compare, and reinstall missing software.

Key Features of csv file 
1. Best for listing installed applications (including versions from registry).
2. Does not include browser data or .exe file paths.

Use the CSV if:
1. You only need an application list with versions.
2.  You prefer a simple CSV format over JSON.


CSV Output Structure
The file consists of the following columns:
    Column_Name	    Description
    Name	        The application name
    Version	        The installed version (if available)
    Source	        The installation type (Traditional, Microsoft Store, or File System)
Example of installed_apps.csv
    Name,Version,Source
    Google Chrome,123.0.0.1,Traditional
    Spotify,N/A,Microsoft Store
    Notepad++ Portable,N/A,File System


CSV Fields Explanation
    Field	    Description
    Name	    The exact name of the installed application
    Version	    The installed version (if detected from registry or PowerShell)
    Source	    Where the application is installed from:
                    - Traditional → Installed via .exe or .msi (Windows Registry)
                    - Microsoft Store → Installed via Microsoft Store (PowerShell)
                    - File System → Detected in C:\Program Files or D:\PortableApps\


What the CSV Backup Contains
    1. Installed Applications (Traditional .exe, Microsoft Store, and File System apps)
    2. Application versions (if detected from the Windows Registry or PowerShell)
    3.  Simple structure that can be viewed in Excel, Notepad++, or Power BI
    4. Easy to compare with another backup (e.g., using Notepad++ Compare Plugin)

What the CSV Backup Does NOT Contain
    1. .exe Installer Paths – No .exe file paths for easy reinstallation.
    2. Portable App Executables – Detects them but doesn’t store .exe files.
    3. Browser Bookmarks – No Chrome, Edge, or Firefox bookmark backups.
    4.  System Preferences – Does not save Wi-Fi settings, registry configurations, or running services.
    5.  Software Licenses – No Windows, Microsoft Office, or Adobe license keys.
    6. Cloud Sync Settings – No OneDrive, Google Drive, or Dropbox configuration backup.

How to Use This CSV File
   1. Viewing Installed Applications
        Open installed_apps.csv in Excel or Notepad++ to check all installed software.
   2. Comparing with a New System
        Export installed_apps.csv from an old laptop and compare it with the same file from a new laptop to find missing applications.
   3. Automating App Reinstallation
        This will automatically run the re_install_apps.py file 
        1. what does re_install_apps.py do:
            1.Reads installed_apps.csv to get the list of installed applications.
            2. Asks the user for permission to proceed with installation.
            3. If the user agrees, it:
                Creates install_apps.ps1 (PowerShell script)
                Runs the PowerShell script automatically
                Reinstalls Microsoft Store apps
                Notifies about manual installation for traditional Win32 apps
            4. Logs the installation status of sucess/failure.

Advantages of the CSV Backup
    1. Lightweight & Readable – Simple tabular format for quick viewing.
    2. Easily Shareable – Can be emailed or transferred between devices.
    3. Great for Manual Reinstallation – Users can reference it to manually reinstall apps.
